Update JSON Schema format values (#18)
pvretano/ogcapi-processes: core/sections/clause_8_ogc-process-description.adoc

|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/epsg-code |epsg-code |Indicates that the string value is a code from the https://epsg.io/[EPSG registry].
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/wkt2-definition |wkt2-definition |Indicates that the string value is a https://docs.ogc.org/is/18-010r11/18-010r11.pdf[well-known text representation of a coordinate reference system].
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/cql2-text-filter |cql2-text |Indicates that the string value is a filter expression encoded using the text representation of the https://docs.ogc.org/is/21-065r2/21-065r2.html[Common Query Language (CQL2)].
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/cql2-json-filter |cql2-json |Indicates that the string value is a filter expression encoded using the JSON representation of the https://docs.ogc.org/is/21-065r2/21-065r2.html[Common Query Language (CQL2)].
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/collection-id |collection-id |Indicates that the string value is a https://docs.ogc.org/DRAFTS/20-024.html#collection-description[collection identifier] (e.g. a feature collection identifier).

> |http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-collection |stac-collection |Indicates that the value is an instance of a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/master/collection-spec/collection-spec.md[STAC collection].

Author: ```suggestion
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-collection |stac-collection |Indicates that the value is an instance of a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/v1.1.0/collection-spec/collection-spec.md[STAC collection].
```

> |http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-catalog |stac-catalog |Indicates that the value is an instance of a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/master/catalog-spec/catalog-spec.md[STAC catalog].

Author: ```suggestion
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-catalog |stac-catalog |Indicates that the value is an instance of a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/v1.1.0/catalog-spec/catalog-spec.md[STAC catalog].
```

> |http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-item-collection |stac-item-collection |Indicates that the value is a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/master/item-spec/item-spec.md[collection of STAC items].

Author: ```suggestion
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-item-collection |stac-item-collection |Indicates that the value is a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/blob/release/v1.0.0/fragments/itemcollection/README.md[STAC ItemCollection].
```

> |http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-item |stac-item |Indicates that the value is an instance of a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/master/item-spec/item-spec.md[STAC item].

Author: ```suggestion
|http://www.opengis.net/def/format/ogcapi-processes/0/stac-item |stac-item |Indicates that the value is an instance of a https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec/blob/v1.1.0/item-spec/item-spec.md[STAC item].
```
